Document StripSymbols property for native AOT (#30244)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot.md

Check out the [native AOT samples](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/nativeaot) available in the dotnet/samples repository on GitHub. The samples includes [Linux](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/blob/main/core/nativeaot/HelloWorld/Dockerfile) and [Windows](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/blob/main/core/nativeaot/HelloWorld/Dockerfile.windowsservercore-x64) Dockerfiles that demonstrate how to automate installation of prerequisites and publishing .NET projects with native AOT using containers.

### Native Debug Information

> The native AOT publishing follows platform conventions for native toolchains. The default behavior of native toolchains on Windows is to produce debug information in separate .pdb file. The default behavior of native toolchains on Linux is to include the debug information in the native binary that makes the native binary significantly larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native AOT publishing follows platform conventions for native toolchains. The default behavior of native toolchains on Windows is to produce debug information in a separate _.pdb_ file. The default behavior of native toolchains on Linux is to include the debug information in the native binary which makes the native binary significantly larger.
```
